README.md, before:

# qrbill – create QR-bills based on the swiss payment standard

Copyright (C) Marei Peischl (peiTeX)  <marei@peitex.de>, 2020–2023

This work is part of a collaborative project of Marei Peischl (peiTeX) and Alex Antener (foobar LLC).

qrbill 2023/02/28 v2.00

***************************************************************************

 This material is subject to the LaTeX Project Public License version 1.3c
 or later. See http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt for details.

***************************************************************************

## Provided files

* README.md
* qrbill.dtx
* qrbill.ins
* qrbill-vocab.csv
* qrbill_swiss-cross.pdf

The files
* qrbill.sty
* swiss.qrbill-cfg.tex
* epc.qrbill-cfg.tex
as well as the demo files
* qrbill-standalone-demo.tex
* qrbill-letter-demo.tex
can be created from the qrbill.dtx by processing the qrbill.ins-file.

## Installation Notes

To be able to compile the package, the files
qrbill.sty, swiss.qrbill-cfg.tex, qrbill_swiss-cross.pdf and qrbill-vocab.csv
have to be placed in the $TEXINPUTS path.

To simplify this, you can have a look at the qrbill.tds.zip, which provides an already prestructured variant to be extracted to any tds tree.

### Use the Repository directly

The repository provides a l3build script. You can build the documentation by running

```
l3build doc
```
This will unpack the package files and build the the docs within `build/`.

To install the files into your local texmf tree run
```
l3build install
```

For further information on l3build and other options please have a look at the corresponding documentation `texdoc l3build`.

## Version History

 * v1.00 (2020-06-28) First official version
 * v1.01 (2020-06-29) Add tds package and the separate option
 * v1.02 (2020-08-25)
   - Fix placement issue with separate option
   - Add sep-iban/sep-reference mechanism
   - Not on version number inconsistency
 * v1.03 (2021-05-10)
   - Update to swiss qrbill payments standard v2.2
   - Add seb-iban and sep-reference to the example files
 * v1.04 (2022-07-02)
   - add basic support for EPC QR codes
   - add date parsing mechanism to preset the dates to values of `\today`
 * v1.05 (2022-09-15)
   - add option to convert all data to strings
   - add mechanism to do custom replacements within the data
   - fix qrcode encoding to support UTF-8
   - add support for speedata's luaqrcode library for qrcode generation http://speedata.github.io/luaqrcode/
   - small layout and documentation fixes
 * v1.06 (2022-10-18)
   - additional customization for vrule
   - add possibilities to ignore data fields if empty
   - allow the usage of commas within the billing info
 * v1.07 (2022-10-20)
   - fix utf8 encoding für qrmode=package
 * v2.00 (2023-02-28)
   - add luaqrcode to qrbill

Commit message:

Also add the luaqrcode license info to the qrbill readme

README.md, after:

# qrbill – create QR-bills based on the swiss payment standard

Copyright (C) Marei Peischl (peiTeX)  <marei@peitex.de>, 2020–2023

This work is part of a collaborative project of Marei Peischl (peiTeX) and Alex Antener (foobar LLC).

qrbill 2023/02/28 v2.00

***************************************************************************

 This material is subject to the LaTeX Project Public License version 1.3c
 or later. See http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt for details.

 The included qrbill-qrencode.lua file is subject to a 3-clause BSD license
 Copyright (c) 2012-2020, Patrick Gundlach (SPEEDATA GMBH) and contributors,
 see https://github.com/speedata/luaqrcode. All rights reserved.

***************************************************************************

## Provided files

* README.md
* qrbill.dtx
* qrbill.ins
* qrbill-vocab.csv
* qrbill_swiss-cross.pdf

The files
* qrbill.sty
* swiss.qrbill-cfg.tex
* epc.qrbill-cfg.tex
as well as the demo files
* qrbill-standalone-demo.tex
* qrbill-letter-demo.tex
can be created from the qrbill.dtx by processing the qrbill.ins-file.

## Installation Notes

To be able to compile the package, the files
qrbill.sty, swiss.qrbill-cfg.tex, qrbill_swiss-cross.pdf and qrbill-vocab.csv
have to be placed in the $TEXINPUTS path.

To simplify this, you can have a look at the qrbill.tds.zip, which provides an already prestructured variant to be extracted to any tds tree.

### Use the Repository directly

The repository provides a l3build script. You can build the documentation by running

```
l3build doc
```
This will unpack the package files and build the the docs within `build/`.

To install the files into your local texmf tree run
```
l3build install
```

For further information on l3build and other options please have a look at the corresponding documentation `texdoc l3build`.

## Version History

 * v1.00 (2020-06-28) First official version
 * v1.01 (2020-06-29) Add tds package and the separate option
 * v1.02 (2020-08-25)
   - Fix placement issue with separate option
   - Add sep-iban/sep-reference mechanism
   - Not on version number inconsistency
 * v1.03 (2021-05-10)
   - Update to swiss qrbill payments standard v2.2
   - Add seb-iban and sep-reference to the example files
 * v1.04 (2022-07-02)
   - add basic support for EPC QR codes
   - add date parsing mechanism to preset the dates to values of `\today`
 * v1.05 (2022-09-15)
   - add option to convert all data to strings
   - add mechanism to do custom replacements within the data
   - fix qrcode encoding to support UTF-8
   - add support for speedata's luaqrcode library for qrcode generation http://speedata.github.io/luaqrcode/
   - small layout and documentation fixes
 * v1.06 (2022-10-18)
   - additional customization for vrule
   - add possibilities to ignore data fields if empty
   - allow the usage of commas within the billing info
 * v1.07 (2022-10-20)
   - fix utf8 encoding für qrmode=package
 * v2.00 (2023-02-28)
   - add luaqrcode to qrbill
